docs: ZSTD support and commercial use updates (#90)
telerik/fiddler-docs: observe-traffic/viewsessioncontent.md

    ![Web Session List](./images/SessionsList.png)
2. Click the **Inspectors** tab.
    ![Inspectors Tab](./images/Inspectors.png)

## Supported Content Encodings

Fiddler Classic automatically decompresses response bodies encoded with the following `Content-Encoding` values:

* **gzip**
* **deflate**
* **br** (Brotli)

> * **zstd** (Zstandard) — supported in Fiddler Classic v5.0.20253 and later. Chrome and Edge advertise `zstd` in the `Accept-Encoding` request header by default; Fiddler Classic can transparently decompress such responses so the body is readable in the Inspectors tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **zstd** (Zstandard) — supported in Fiddler Classic v6.0.20261 and later. Chrome and Edge advertise `zstd` in the `Accept-Encoding` request header by default; Fiddler Classic can transparently decompress such responses so the body is readable in the Inspectors tab.
```

> * **zstd** (Zstandard) — supported in Fiddler Classic v5.0.20253 and later. Chrome and Edge advertise `zstd` in the `Accept-Encoding` request header by default; Fiddler Classic can transparently decompress such responses so the body is readable in the Inspectors tab.

Reviewer 2: The new version is v6.0.20261
